# What is Next.js?

This section explains the basics of Next.js.

## How to use the docs

Instructions on how to navigate and use the documentation Instructions on how
to navigate and use the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use
the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the documentation.

## App Router and Pages Router1

Comparison between App Router and Pages Router in Next.js Instructions on how
to navigate and use the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use
the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the documentation.

# Pre-requisite knowledge1

Things you should know before using this guide.

## Accessibility1

How to ensure accessibility in your apps.

This section explains the basics of Next.js.

## How to use the docs1

Instructions on how to navigate and use the documentation Instructions on how
to navigate and use the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use
the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the documentation.

## App Router and Pages Router2

Comparison between App Router and Pages Router in Next.js Instructions on how
to navigate and use the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use
the documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the
documentationInstructions on how to navigate and use the documentation.

# Pre-requisite knowledge4

Things you should know before using this guide.

## Accessibility54

How to ensure accessibility in your apps.
